in today's video I'm gonna show you how
to install CyanogenMod 10.2 my name is
steel king
this is technologic 360 let's get
technological so first up we are gonna
go to these websites the first one is
the page where you are going to download
CyanogenMod now first up just fine your
phone so look through the pages now they
are in code so just highlight your mouse
over it and its gonna tell you and make
sure you click the stable version unless
you want to install a nightly and
download that file after don't doing so
we're gonna go to the next page to
download the google apps now just click
the latest apps and just wait a little
bit for the file to download after
having the files connect your phone to
your computer make sure he has developer
options enabled and find a place where
you can set up the files and you can
find them easily I'm just gonna install
them I mean set them up in my SD card
right on the root and that should be
easy to find so and always make sure to
backup your files so I like to use go
back up to backup my contacts phone
calls text messages and so on and
titanium backup to back up my phone apps
make sure you you don't back up the root
files for your phone just backup
I don't know apps like games and so on
that you may need or that you already
have a game saved or whatever so here
I'm showing you that I do have an older
version of Android really old and I'm
gonna update it to a newer version so
also make sure to go into the Google
Play Store and download rom manager
there are other managers such as cool
manager but I quite like ROM manager
instead and I already had it downloaded
so before you that you can also backup
your current OS or film were running
for your phone if you wanted to but uh
I'm not gonna do so but here make sure
you also have installed clockwork mod
search it up in another video and
clicking to reboot into system recovery
and just we're gonna wait a little bit
and this is gonna set you up for the
reboot instead of powering off and then
holding the power home and button up
it's much much easier so now we're gonna
before you can start doing everything
make sure you click wipe partition
delete all user data and just use the
balloon rocker and the power button to
install this it's this shouldn't take
that long is that a long process you see
better wipe complete it was a very fast
process now as you can see by the top is
gonna say wipe cache and now we're gonna
click that again power button to accept
scroll down until you click yes and
we're gonna wait a couple of seconds
again and now after doing so we're gonna
find the files I'm gonna click in to
install SD zip from sdcard I'm gonna go
down to choose zip from external sd card
as that's where my files are again your
files might be in a super place separate
place scroll down until I see cm 10.2
we're gonna install that first again
scroll down and except this shouldn't
take long but I'm still gonna skip it
just in case
and now after its installed we're gonna
install the Google Apps orgy apps so I
chose something differently here but
again we're gonna go install zip from sd
car choose from zip from external and
I'll go back to gaps G apps I always
call the gaps and click yes
again this shouldn't take long and you
can see here is installing
we're just gonna wait a little bit okay
and it should be done now now before we
can finish this process go back and wipe
your cache one more time just to make
sure everything's well click yes and
it's done and now that everything is
done let's click reboot and that should
be the first button if you have a
different clockwork clockwork mode it
should almost be the same just follow
kind of the same processes I know
there's one that's touch again it
shouldn't be a different problem and
we're gonna wait and as usual whenever
you stand in you my system it's gonna
take a very long time so I'm gonna skip
that process also I'm gonna click the
setup skip the setup process as that is
usually standard and now here as you can
see I'm entered a new CM firmware and
again there's not much to do by this
time there's a the new Android KitKat so
this is very older version but still
quick a quick overview of what you can
do on CyanogenMod thank you for watching
if you like this video make sure to
click that like button and subscribe
don't forget to comment also like my
facebook with that said I am NOT a god I
do make mistakes
anyway my technology I'd see you on the
next video